what happened by your forward Becky oh
can you wait a second what is she doing
here you let her walk all over you she's
13 Jeff this gentleman lost his dog okay
well why don't you give us your number
dog is a rot one purebred or as the
Germans call them or violent Metz go
hunt that's why you never let them mate
with other breeds you get the worst of
both okay I think it's time for you to
go I'm looking for a key it has this
symbol engraved on it you seen it no
well that leaves a little Becky where's
Becky wait wait he's gonna hold your dad
still I heard him I'm not gonna let them
get away with this
[Music]
and she was good she was very very good
when she was bad she was horrid
[Music]
what was the point of all of this work
II trust much more than okay you're
clearly a special girl I don't want to
have to hurt you
but I do want to hurt you real bad
[Music]
go
you know what a courtesy tap is young
man it sounds like this it's light
friendly I'm sure that's what your mom
meant to you no it's not mom
having a kind of a hard time lately I'm
sorry
accept my apology Signori
if you could just do the same we could
press reset don't have anything to
apologize for
[Music]
you go
ma'am are you okay I'm pretty sure the
guy in that trucks following me these
road rage
watch of his chilled man go your own way
I don't think you really know what a bad
day is
she will find out
that man stole my phone handy I'm
sitting here and waiting for you whose
phone is on across me friend hey listen
to me he's not a friend okay he's the
psycho who came after me today this is
where your first lesson begins no I
can't do that
[Music]
I need you to learn what a bad day
really is I need you to learn how to say
sorry yeah you're gonna learn to fight
on some retribution sounds like you're
waking up and apply awake you better
bring your A game
you're gonna need it
who's that there's nobody are you doing
here Frank how many to get you no thank
you it's for Mom we have to do something
for her she want he made me promise that
you and I together would take a trip and
spread her ashes over a lake if you do
this you'll never have to see me a
little respect wouldn't hurt you in the
lady department lady department where's
that lose it next to housewares aisle 7
well you made enough to ride the way
morning this is jewelry giving her a
ride
you know they say it's inevitable that
you turn into your father I don't think
that'll ever happen
where did you eat or what a bus Detroit
she dropped a book and I picked it up I
never told her I rode that bus in the
wrong direction every day for three
weeks waiting for a drop something just
take on
[Music]
not the pass control
this is what mom wanted us to see Oh yo
[Music]
young money order hi sweetie
the hell momentum over my philosophy
it's very simple when you see something
that it's not right he was always
different than every member of cops
everybody knew what he had done he was
John Lewis wheel marching today to
dramatize to the world with hundreds and
thousands of Negro citizens denied the
right to vote congressman Lewis gave us
the blueprint to organize it to
legislate reason why he's effective as a
leader
is because he lived it we made a
decision to march in an orderly peaceful
nonviolent fashion from Selma to
Montgomery I was hit in the head my
knees went from under me I thought I was
going to down the bridge if John Lewis
is a 19 20 year old wasn't doing what he
did I would not be here the whole time
he was in the movement it was
frightening knowing the danger knowing
what could happen you cannot replace the
John Lewis he's the most courageous
person I ever met
he challenges the conscience of the
Congress combination to the house for
forty years later John Lewis continues
to inspire us
[Applause]
three civil rights workers never
murdered for trying to have people get
registered to vote looking down on us
this is a time for action that's why I
learned from John Lewis today take us
back
[Applause]
[Music]
pay up big there's love there's a pool
course cheerleaders even got their fun
about me
bad knee this it didn't peg was like no
scars no pages
ciao sipping that monotonous very social
missile and racism
we're doing the evil
caca Jilla ought to tell me wanna see me
go
Sega eat sorry ass on unit seven quite a
very good Tanen but all crazy don't do
good patient just security guarantee
talkin then having John Tavares walked
tributo cetera turn your August enjoy
openin never Jonah MJ hope she put their
cocoons Peter not be hated part orange a
catcher cannot recover attack
park is finished visible change I will
make sure of it
Sarang you children geek poor children
miss Kaoru kya kar each individual you
guys cetera Creegan I think
[Music]
Peter says how much open up our society
I'll remember
loca come to the table to Russia pshaw
[Music]